Where... am I?
I'm sorry! I'll leave an offering!
Please, just spare me!
Wait, I'm not dead yet.
Sara senpai?
You're as unreliable as ever.
I thought you were...
A monster?
Don't! You'll summon
it if you say it out loud!
No, I won't.
I'm...
Stop, please don't say it!
I...
Found it.
I'm finally pulling my weight for once.
And you escaped the
"sleeping bag" fate, too.
This is the last number...
I twisted my ankle.
Guess you're still a burden after all.
Get on.
You're... carrying me?
I can't.
Then I'll just have to make you.
This doesn't feel right...
Would you rather be caught by a monster?
Hurry up.
"The Boy Next World My Destiny"
(Special Episode 2)
What's this?
What is all this?
- We don't need this.
- Put it over there.
- Put it right here in the middle.
- Man, I'm beat.
How did you manage that?
- I tripped.
- I don't mean the ankle.
I mean Sara carrying you back.
It's because I fell.
He was just being kind enough to carry me.
That's exactly the point.
Since when does Sara do stuff like that?
He did it when Taiga senpai broke his leg.
That was years ago.
Sara senpai has always been gentle.
You're the only one
who'd ever call him "gentle."
Stop gossiping.
Come and help.
That's not my job.
It's not exactly a Vice
President's job either.
You're basically a Vice
President in name only, right?
You just modeled for that one poster.
And now all you do is complain.
And what have you done?
You've just been sitting
there doing nothing.
Dumping everything
on Jin... you're useless.
If you're not going to help, I'm leaving.
You're leaving?
You might want to rethink that.
I've got the car keys.
If I call a cab,
it'll probably be here in two hours.
Damn it.
What do people even see in a guy like that?
Don't look so down.
I just feel so bad...
about being so useless.
I just wanted to be helpful.
But you were.
How?
You brought me all those supplies.
Thanks.
I can finally see your face now.
Fuu.
Crap, it's gonna burn!
If it burns, you're eating it.
No way!
Hey, eat up, eat up!
Fuu... are you okay?
Sara senpai is so mean.
Wasn't he being nice to you?
My head is just... all over the place.
Aren't you always like that?
It's worse than usual.
It's all his fault.
He's so mean.
- Who wants the burnt ones?
- Hey, you overcooked these!
- What are you guys doing?
- Ah...
- I really want to hear Sara senpai sing.
- Oh! Me too, me too!
- Come on, Sara senpai, just one song!
- Yeah, please!
Please, we're begging you!
- Just one, please!
- Pretty please!
Sara senpai! Sara senpai! Sara senpai!
Sara senpai! Sara senpai!
Fine, I get it.
If I sing, will you all finally shut up?
What do you want to hear?
Go on, pick a song.
Fuu's favorite.
Got it.
♪ In a sudden downpour ♪
♪ If an umbrella falls at your feet ♪
♪ Please, hold it over yourself ♪
♪ And head home before you catch a cold ♪
♪ Even if I can't be
there to wipe your tears ♪
♪ I'll send a letter with these flowers ♪
♪ You found me when I
was nowhere to be found ♪
♪ So I'll just keep on praying ♪
♪ That only happiness
finds its way to you ♪
♪ I'll just keep on praying ♪
♪ That tomorrow, my
love will still be there ♪
What should I do, Fuu...
What on earth should I do...
How am I supposed to handle this...
What do I do...
Ah...
I just wanted you to notice me.
Hey, don't blame me.
It's the truth, isn't it?
So...
What should I do?
Those two are dating.
They've been together for a year.
I didn't know.
Well, now you do.
Let's go.
Are you really that shocked?
It's just...
I never imagined they were together.
Are you shocked that they're dating?
Or was it the kiss?
Let me ask you something.
What?
Look at me when I'm talking to you.
I can still talk...
even if I'm not looking at you.
Look up at me.
Do you like me?
Don't look away.
Look me in the eye.
Well?
Do you have feelings for me?
Yes...
What was that?
I can't hear you.
I like you, Sara senpai.
I like you a lot.
I've liked you for years.
I'm still not quite getting it.
Make it a little clearer for me.
Fuu.
What's wrong?
Did you have a nightmare?
Fuu?
I'm not shy.
Of course not.
We've been dating for months now.
Why would my heart be racing like this?
Wait, Fuu.
What is going on with you?
Sara senpai.
I dreamed about my parallel self.
In that other world,
you and I were together.
That Sara senpai had a sharp tongue,
but he was gentle...
Just like the person
you swapped bodies with.
And that Fuu was so shy.
We went camping together.
The place looked just like
this. It was pure déjà vu.
You said it before, right?
That no matter the world,
there are common threads.
Do you think the parallel Fuu and Sara
come and stay here sometimes, too?
Who knows.
Ever since that accident,
I haven't dreamed of that white room again.
Then why did I...?
Could I be traveling
to parallel worlds now?
I won't let you go.
Did he do anything to you in the dream?
What do you mean?
Like, did he touch you?
Or did he do something even worse?
Are you jealous?
Of yourself in a parallel world?
What if I am?
Honestly, you're such a jealous mess.
Are you going to tell me or not?
I'm telling you right now.
That's not what I meant.
In the dream,
were you just watching us as a bystander?
Or did you
actually become that
world's version of yourself?
What if you...
were inside that Fuu's body?
What if I said
he gave me a long, intense kiss?
Let's make up.
Forgive me, Sara senpai.
Punish me however you want.
I'm not trying to punish you.
I just want to know
which one of us...
feels better. Him or me?
Sara senpai, wait...
Your lips are all swollen.
That's what you get for
kissing someone else.
But that was the other Fuu.
And he was also Sara senpai.
There's only one of me in this world.
And only one of you.
The Fuu in that world has that Sara senpai.
This Fuu only has this Sara senpai.
If the kiss in the other
world was intense...
then I'm not losing.
Fine, I'll tell you.
In the dream, it didn't
feel like I was being kissed.
It felt more like I was
watching from the side.
Really?
Really.
Trust me.
Alright.
Let's sleep.
I'm so tired.
Sara senpai.
I wonder what the parallel
versions of us are doing.
I'm sure
they're doing exactly what we're doing.
I think they're very happy, too.
Good morning, Fuu.
Right?
That's my line.
I knew you'd say it, so I beat you to it.
Good morning.
Fuu.
Time to get up.
Give me two more minutes.
Please?
Hey...
I'll give you five.
I want to play in the water.
Isn't a walk enough?
I want to walk and play in the water.
What is it?
I was just thinking about
the day we first met.
I mean, the very first time.
You were standing at my door,
soaking wet,
claiming to be my lover
from a parallel world.
Looking back,
most people wouldn't have believed you.
That's because you're special, Fuu.
I'm so glad I believed you.
Because of that, I'm here with you now.
No matter which world it is,
I hope every Fuu makes that same choice.
In every world,
you seem to be the light in my life.
No Fuu would ever give up on Sara.
That's what I believe.
Then I'll pray
for the world I saw in my dream last night.
I'll pray that the other
Fuu finds his courage.
If I were kissed like that,
I would've jumped you by now.
But that Fuu was just terrified.
Are you happy, Sara senpai?
Can't you tell?
I want to hear you say it.
I'm happy.
I'm incredibly happy.
As long as you're by
my side, that's enough.
Then I...
will stay by your side forever.
Me too.
Parallel worlds...
Do you believe in them, Fuu?
What if I said I didn't?
Then I'd just say this.
I love you.
Then...
I have an answer for you.
I love you, Sara senpai.
Knock, knock, knock.
Who is it?
It's dangerous.
Can I stay by your side?
Do you want to leave me?
Don't leave me all alone.
I promise.
I won't leave you.
Have you ever wondered what we'd be like
if we had never met?
I probably wouldn't have made it.
Neither would I.
You were doing just fine
without me, weren't you?
But we've already met,
so that's not an option.
I finally found you.
Where... am I?
(This drama is a work of fiction.
Characters, organizations, and
names are fictional and have
no relation to real-world entities.)